PR for SRVLOGIC-530: Add the section to upgrade Serverless Logic Operator from 1.35.0 to 1.36.0 (#93332)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-upgrade-1.36-redeploying-workflows-with-dev-profile.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * serverless-logic/serverless-logic-upgrading-operator-from-1.35-to-1.36

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="serverless-logic-upgrade-1.36-redeploying-workflows-with-dev-profile_{context}"]
= Redeploying workflows with the dev profile

After the upgrade, you must redeploy workflows that use the `dev` profile and any associated Kubernetes resources.

.Procedure

> . Ensure that all required Kubernetes resources, including the `ConfigMap` with the `application.properties`, are restored before redeploying the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Ensure that all required Kubernetes resources, including `ConfigMap` with the `application.properties` field, are restored before redeploying the workflow.
```

> . Ensure all required resources are restored, including `SonataFlow` CRDs, `ConfigMaps` with `application.properties`, or any other related custom configurations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Ensure all required Kubernetes resources, including the `ConfigMap` with the `application.properties`, are restored before redeploying the workflow.
```

. Redeploy the workflow by running the following command: 
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc apply -f <my-workflow.yaml> -n <target_namespace>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc apply -f <workflow_name>.yaml -n <target_namespace>
```
